hey everyone is read down from six
thought minecraft joined today by
malignant Marshall hey guys and today we
will be showing you guys how to farm
experience very efficiently we've
created a little experience trap here
with a zombie spawner we found now right
now we have it completely disabled just
for the means of showing you guys how we
did it these torches here normally would
not be here only the redstone torches
would be let's give it a little bit of
an ambient light so you can see
basically what we've done is this is the
spawner room we moved the wall in a
little bit here so that there'd be even
less light just to make the spawning
rate as high as possible and then we put
a bucket of water in that corner and
have it porn down here and it's coming
right on down here and then it goes
under there I was just acting like a
joke right there yeah so the zombie sit
here and jump like this because and then
basically you stand right here and just
swing away and have a good time and
everyone's want you hot back here and
collect your experience and then get
right back on up on the pony and swing
again now we're going to re-enable the
re-enable the zombie trap and show you
guys how exactly it hey guys we're back
we have renamed the zombie trap and it
is completely dark in there now we've
removed all torches in here just to make
sure its real nice and dark that way
things spawn efficiently and basically
now you can sit here behind this block
if you move this block the zombie can
why we have it there just a compliment
binder so you can sit here and just kill
these guys and when they died all the
experiences gets washed down here along
with whatever they drop this works with
any mob except well spiders have to be
too wide to accommodate for the head
butt and yeah good way to power rear
pull your buddy or an alt account of
that two computers are revered yeah it
really works well and you can have two
people doing I kept your screen for an
hour we can power level in that way he
can enchant things because now with the
new and chanting system that not just
implemented in Minecraft you need
experience experience actually has a
purpose you need the experience to
enchant thing so it's it comes in very
handy and the higher level you are the
better the enchantments and yeah and
also there's a little nice notification
step system they start buzzing around
your head means it's time to go collect
I get all that right there that's what
it's all about now um enchanting stuff
is a liked red side really really useful
we have a pic right now that is of
unbreaking three and fortune to and
basically that means um we will get a
whole lot more bang for our buck and I
mean that in two ways the pic will last
for a really really long time and we
will be getting pretty much double wrong
double the amount of supplies we
normally would from it yeah the fortune
gives you the chance of multiplying the
item drops on coal lapis redstone and
diamonds and if you enchant a shovel I
believe
pretty much drops on the phone this
allows you to turn one one single block
of diamond into a possibility of two or
three drops which meant it is a
beautiful thing people it really it
brings a tear to my eye it really is
awesome and then go bushel quick boat
yeah another just FYI pro tip for you
guys if you're coming down and going to
make a spawner farm like this bring lots
of swords mind dirty about to break say
man you can use mine that's pretty much
brandy thank you yeah so pro it's been
fun guys hope you guys can use this and
if you improve on it leave a video
response we love to see it we already
have an idea that we're going to try
implementing with a with a dispenser a
dispenser with arrows yeah okay lock
yeah we're going to put it on a clock
and see if that still drops experience
because then you could fill it with
arrows and just sit down here for a
couple hours and as long as it's on that
clock it'll keep firing so yeah we'll
see what happens I hope you guys enjoyed
the video hope it was helpful don't
forget to subscribe to our channel our
channel is now six slot gaming we change
our name and yeah don't follow us on
tumblr on YouTube and Facebook have a
good day guys this is red dawn or
malignant Marshall from 6la gaming so
happy minecrafting